README.md, before:

# AI_proj_B

Second part of the project for Artificial Intelligence subject in the University of Melbourne.

## Overview

Utilized Greedy Search as the game playing agent for a 3-person adversarial game. Attempted implementation of Monte Carlo Tree Search in place of Greedy Search.

## Main learnings

### Object-Oriented Python

- Applied object-oriented concepts in Python. As a result, code is more organized and readable.

### Modularizing Python code

- Learnt the basics of modularizing Python code and packages. Main modules include:
  - _Player module_: Classes that define the game-playing agent and its 'artificial intelligence'.
  - _Referee module_: Classes provided to us that run the game with 3 player classes as inputs.
  - _Tests module_: Classes that test a few of the Monte Carlo Tree Search functions

### Writing Python tests

- I developed the Monte Carlo Tree Search Algorithm in a Test-Driven Development (TDD) way, to make sure every unit works as expected before proceeding to implement more complicated functions.
- While there are only a few test cases, this has allowed me to learn the basics of writing tests (specifically in Python), and I have begun to understand how important tests are in develepment.

Commit message:

updated README with more project learnings

README.md, after:

# AI_proj_B

Second part of the project for Artificial Intelligence subject in the University of Melbourne.

## Overview

Utilized Greedy Search as the game playing agent for a 3-person adversarial game. Attempted implementation of Monte Carlo Tree Search in place of Greedy Search.

## Main learnings

### Object-Oriented Python

- Applied object-oriented concepts in Python. As a result, code is more organized and readable.

### Modularizing Python code

- Learnt the basics of modularizing Python code and packages. Main modules include:
  - **Player module**: Classes that define the game-playing agent and its 'artificial intelligence'.
  - **Referee module**: Classes provided to us that run the game with 3 player classes as inputs.
  - **Tests module**: Classes that test a few of the Monte Carlo Tree Search functions

### Writing Python tests

- I developed the Monte Carlo Tree Search Algorithm in a Test-Driven Development (TDD) way, to make sure every unit works as expected before proceeding to implement more complicated functions.
- While there are only a few test cases, this has allowed me to learn the basics of writing tests (specifically in Python), and I have begun to understand how important tests are in develepment.

### Working with a partner/team

- As this project was done in collaboration with a student and fellow friend (MJonathanMT), I learnt a few things about working in a team:
  - **Effective communication** is important as we needed to split up our tasks so we would not overlap in what we were going to do.
  - **Negotiation and compromise** were vital as we had to decide among ourselves which algorithm was to be utilized for our game-playing agent.
  - **Humility and constant learning** as a developer is a must. My teammate was more proficient at Python so I learnt a lot from him while developing the algorithms. On the other hand, he was unfamiliar with git (version control) and I spent some time teaching him the basics and the importance of git as well. In conclusion, we can always learn something from one another.
